[expo-updates][docs] Document native debugging of updates (#19545)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/debug-updates.mdx

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo export']} />

### Debugging of native code in an app enabled for updates

> Normally, if we have a project with `expo-updates` installed, we need to make a release build for `expo-updates` to be enabled (debug builds behave like normal RN project debug builds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, if we have a project with `expo-updates` installed, we need to make a release build for `expo-updates` to be enabled (debug builds behave like normal React Native project debug builds).
```

> To make it easier to test and debug native code, we can follow these steps to create a debug build of the app with expo-updates enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to test and debug native code, follow the steps below to create a debug build of the app with `expo-updates` enabled.
```

#### iOS local builds

> - Set the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the environment variable:
```

```sh
export EX_UPDATES_NATIVE_DEBUG=1
```

> - Reinstall pods with `pod install` or `npx pod-install`. The `expo-updates` podspec now detects this environment variable, and makes changes so that the debug code that would normally load from the Metro packager is bypassed, and the app is built with the EXUpdates bundle and other dependencies needed to load updates from EAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reinstall pods with `npx pod-install`. The `expo-updates` podspec now detects this environment variable, and makes changes so that the debug code that would normally load from the Metro packager is bypassed, and the app is built with the EXUpdates bundle and other dependencies needed to load updates from EAS.
```

I think with `pod install`, one might have to navigate inside the `ios` directory. Just making sure that we either add complete steps or provide a recommended flow.

> - Execute a debug build of the app with Xcode or from the command line.

Reviewer: Just curious, what is the command here? I'm not sure if we mention the command in this particular doc.
Maybe we can add a link for both iOS and Android.

Author: I think `yarn ios` or `expo run:ios` will do that, similarly for Android. I'll check where we document debug builds and make sure this agrees.

#### Android local builds

> - As above in the iOS build, set the environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As similar to the iOS build, set the environment variable:
```

```sh
export EX_UPDATES_NATIVE_DEBUG=1
```

> - Modify your app's `AndroidManifest.xml` to select a channel for which this app will receive updates, as in the example below. (In an EAS build, this value is set automatically to the channel for the EAS profile being built.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify your app's **AndroidManifest.xml** to select a channel for which this app will receive updates, as in the example below. (In an EAS build, this value is set automatically to the channel for the EAS profile being built.)
```

Filenames are bold as [per our writing styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text) for consistency.

diff --git a/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml b/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml
index 143fa2d..36d5af2 100644
--- a/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml
+++ b/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml
@@ -17,6 +17,7 @@
     <meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_CHECK_ON_LAUNCH" android:value="ALWAYS"/>
     <meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATES_LAUNCH_WAIT_MS" android:value="0"/>
     <meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RUNTIME_VERSION" android:value="1.0.0"/>
+    <meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.UPDATES_CONFIGURATION_REQUEST_HEADERS_KEY" android:value="{&quot;expo-channel-name&quot;:&quot;previewdebug&quot;}" />
     <activity android:name=".MainActivity" android:label="@string/app_name" android:configChanges="keyboard|keyboardHidden|orientation|screenSize|uiMode" android:launchMode="singleTask" android:windowSoftInputMode="adjustResize" android:theme="@style/Theme.App.SplashScreen" android:exported="true">
       <intent-filter>
         <action android:name="android.intent.action.MAIN"/>
```
- Execute a debug build of the app with Android Studio or from the command line.

#### EAS builds

> Alternatively, we can use EAS to create a debug build where `expo-updates` is enabled. The environment variable is set in `eas.json`, as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, we can use EAS to create a debug build where `expo-updates` is enabled. The environment variable is set in **eas.json**, as shown in the example below:
```
